Dataset standard encryption (#60)
iExecBlockchainComputing/documentation: for-developers/confidential-computing/sgx-encrypted-dataset.md

...
```

> We will create a dummy file that has `"Hello, world!"` as content inside `datasets/original`. Alternatively, you can put your own dataset file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will create a dummy confidential file that has `"My Social Security Number is 721-07-4426. Don't tell anyone."` as content inside `datasets/original`. Alternatively, you can put your own dataset file.
```
